Update async.md (#19451)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/async.md

}
```

> Although it's less code, tread carefully when mixing LINQ with asynchronous code. Because LINQ uses deferred (lazy) execution, async calls won't happen immediately as they do in a `foreach` loop unless you force the generated sequence to iterate with a call to `.ToList()` or `.ToArray()`.

Reviewer: I did a little checking, and "tread carefully" won't translate well into other languages. How about this change instead:

```suggestion
Although it's less code, use caution when mixing LINQ with asynchronous code. Because LINQ uses deferred (lazy) execution, async calls won't happen immediately as they do in a `foreach` loop unless you force the generated sequence to iterate with a call to `.ToList()` or `.ToArray()`.
```

Author: Thanks @BillWagner I accepted the suggestions!
